1    The Python Tutorial
      
2    Python is an easy to learn, powerful programming language. 
3    It has efficient high-level data structures and a simple but
4    effective approach to object-oriented programming. Python’s 
5    elegant syntax and dynamic typing, together with its 
6    interpreted nature, make it an ideal language for scripting 
7    and rapid application development in many areas on most 
8    platforms.
   	 
9    The Python interpreter and the extensive standard library 
10   are freely available in source or binary form for all major 
11   platforms from the Python web site, https://www.python.org/,
12   and may be freely distributed. The same site also contains 
13   distributions of and pointers to many free third party 
14   Python modules, programs and tools, and additional 
15   documentation.

16   The Python interpreter is easily extended with new functions
17   and data types implemented in C or C++ (or other languages 
18   callable from C). Python is also suitable as an extension 
19   language for customizable applications.

20   This tutorial introduces the reader informally to the basic 
21   concepts and features of the Python language and system. It 
22   helps to have a Python interpreter handy for hands-on 
23   experience, but all examples are self-contained, so the 
24   tutorial can be read off-line as well.

25   For a description of standard objects and modules, see The 
26   Python Standard Library. The Python Language Reference gives
27   a more formal definition of the language. To write 
28   extensions in C or C++, read Extending and Embedding the 
29   Python Interpreter and Python/C API Reference Manual. There 
30   are also several books covering Python in depth.

31   This tutorial does not attempt to be comprehensive and cover
32   every single feature, or even every commonly used feature. 
33   Instead, it introduces many of Python’s most noteworthy 
34   features, and will give you a good idea of the language’s 
35   flavor and style. After reading it, you will be able to read
36   and write Python modules and programs, and you will be ready
37   to learn more about the various Python library modules 
38   described in The Python Standard Library.
